Your father told me we'll work on me, Ray.
Blake, if you would draw your forces now, we're done for.
The Sakeens fight is advancing as we speak.
What do you want me to do, Meg?
Your daughter betrayed me.
You betrayed me.
What will I help you?
Link, please don't abandon us.
Ben, he's the one who abandoned you, not me.
I will not lose any more of my men, so bullshit props,
they don't believe it.
What about my men?
Isn't there none, Mike?
Oh, you must go to New York.
We'll stay with the Azerellos, you'll be safe there.
You must never let anybody know who you really are,
and you must never allow your wolf to take hold.
Do you understand?
I'm not going anywhere.
The Sakeens pride will stop attacking us if we no longer have what they're after.
I'll stay with the bank. I'm not leaving.
Jack the Royal!
Your brother will take you, but you have to go now.
I said go!
No!
You're the company.
Shit.
It's an alpha.
You need to go.
God's sake!
Will your father stop treating me like a child?
I can fight!
Let me fight!
For once!
Just do a little.
Go!